 
sell, Descending triangle
sell, Descending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
sell, Descending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
sell, Descending triangle
sell, Descending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
buy, Ascending triangle
sell, Descending triangle
sell, Descending triangle